
You realize you need to land another planet to fix your ship.
With little gas remaining in your proto-polaris v2.3
You scramble to find a piece of land on your radar.
Feeling hopeless, you bury your face into your hands 
You start to reminisce about your friends and family.
Suddenly, you hear a blip on your radar 
You quickly take a look and you see a large looking blob of light green on your screen.
You begin to steer the ship full-speed towards the presumed planet.
Upon approaching, you begin to see what looks like a sea…
something that appeared to be a “body of water” moving over and over...
Once you enter the atmosphere of the planet your ship is hit with feathers
Feathers upon more feathers…
You’re blinded by the amount of feathers in the atmosphere and you blindly steer your ship
Miraculously, you manage to eject from your ship and land on top of a grassy but tall hill
Upon landing you find what looks like egg shells everywhere
And the yolk from the eggs you landed on stuck all over your Ancient Nikes.

You slowly climb towards the edge, and then you realize that body of water really was... 
Chickens?
As you’re peering over the edge of your hill, you hear a loud noise behind you
You quickly turn to see what the source of the noise was and before you can even react
3 mutant chickens run towards you 
Their combined weight manages to push you over.
*CRACK*
You look underneath you, and upon realizing that you just fell in a nest of chicken eggs
You disgustedly try to clean yourself up. 
You huff and puff as you hopelessly try to use a bandana that you had tied to your waist.
After a little bit of cleaning, you proceed to climb down 
Ignoring the seemingly taunting calls of the chickens who knocked you down.
“Chirp” goes the chicken
Immediately after, it spits out a green liquid that falls squarely right next to your foot.
The ground starts to fizzle right next to you 
It’s only then that you realize how corrosive the substance is. 
You see some sort of cave with some source of light inside of it
And you proceed to make your way towards it
Upon entering the cave, you see a skeleton next to a fire and a backpack next to a jerry can. 
Suddenly, the ground starts to shake
You listen to what sounds like a loud burp
All of a sudden, a big mutant chicken starts to run your way!
At this point you are forced to fight the giant mutant chicken 
Praying to the heavens that your weapons are enough to defeat this monstrosity. 
